[Music]
seek shelter immediately
you think it is no idea
the only thing people want to talk about
today is this interstellar comet called
clark
nasa's saying it appeared out of nowhere
from like a different solar system
this is the fragment entering the lower
atmosphere
three two one an impact
what is explosion it's a chunk of rock
rocks don't explode
yeah tell that to the dinosaurs
[Music]
the sky's on fire come on let's go
with the largest fragment expected to
hit in less than 24 hours
space agencies are expecting an
extinction level event
the greatest chance of survival they're
the bunkers in greenland
and we're gonna go gotta go now okay
[Music]
you're such a brave guy you know where i
will get us under those bunkers
because we're always going to be
together
greenland rated pg-13 on demand
everywhere december 18th
you